I'm not hungry, Mama.
Is that a coyote or a--
Wolf! Stay back! [sighs]
[panting]
How can we help her?
Hell is in the desert.
[distorted voice]
That is not an owl, it's a camera.
There is no shepherd.
God went to the desert
and he never came back.
Mother, I am so thirsty.
He is a rattlesnake,
and I have a cure for rattlesnakes.
Garabina said she would suffer.
Said some shit like,
"Her mind would be an inferno as
the flames of memory sear themselves..."
something, something,
magic, creepy, trippy,
but that, you know,
she'd chill out in a minute.
There is mud on my dress.
I cannot scream.
Quit laughing and go to bed!
There is a God,
but it does not hear you when you pray.
There is too much light in the...
Alejandra, I will do what I can.
[gasps]
[sighs]
No need for her to feel this fire.
It will pass as she sleeps.
Thank you, Sifu.
[shallow breathing]
My whole life, I never seen cruelty
like what I saw in that town square.
Whatever is giving El Balde his power,
maybe it's also filling him
with its darkness.
What he did to us, to Chiu,
to Silencio's tongue?
He was already pretty goddamn dark.
There was a guy in my unit.
He took... souvenirs
off the people he killed.
Strung them on a shoelace,
like a necklace.
What I saw in San Simon...
he makes that cat I knew back in 'Nam
look like Martin Luther King.
[gasps]
We have to go!
[groans]
If we cannot get Alejandra out
before El Balde returns,
we will die out there in the desert.
[grunts]
[Lina] Come back alive.
[groans]
I am my brother's equal
in the healing arts.
By the time you are returned,
Lina will be well.
Promise, when we get back,
you will tell me everything about Chiu.
I want to know more about my father.
It will do my heart good, child.
[engine idling]
Please, try to remember
Sifu's words, Silencio.
What is soft is strong.
We're gonna get justice for Chiu...
not revenge.
[gasps]
[groaning]
Lo?
Uh... Are you OK?
[coughs]
Follow them.
[inhales and blows]
Tell me, Chiu, you thief...
what did you do with my prize?
[lock turning]
One rifle, two handguns,
not too many bullets.
We should hold off using them
as long as possible, anyway.
The first shot we fire,
everyone there will know,
and all hell will break loose.
Like we used to say in the jungle,
"Got to be quiet as a butterfly's fart
or Charlie will hear you coming."
You guys used to say weird shit
in the jungle.
Is your arm any better?
Actually, you got any bullet-wound-healing
magic from the old woman
when she got inside your head?
[moans softly]
Nope.
Good to see you getting the hang
of that voodoo.
Still creepy as shit, though.
Let's do this.
[Garcia] This place is
El Balde's hacienda.
Garabina showed it to me.
There will be guards here,
here, here and here.
And here, and here, and here.
[others groan]
He keeps the source of his power,
his mother,
imprisoned in some kind of a...
cage.
Carves pieces of her and consumes them,
treats her like... a factory.
But where on the compound?
I don't know.
Believe me, I've tried to see,
but there are dark spots.
When I try to see it,
I just see a flower
on a small wooden table.
We'll find her.
The key to this mission is silence.
They don't know we are coming.
We have the element of surprise.
So, whoever you have to subdue,
do it as quietly as possible.
That means no guns
unless absolutely necessary.
All good, baby.
They done messed up and shot my off arm.
This arm punches like a champ.
[Garcia sighs]
How will we communicate?
Let's test them.
-[feedback whines]
-[groaning]
Not right up against your mouth!
Breaker-breaker,
if you're out there, good buddy,
could you please send us all new ears?
[Isabela scoffs]
-[feedback whining]
-[Garcia groans]
[Alejandra, on walkie]
Garabina, hurry, please!
It hurts.
Everything hurts.
Hey, guys...
did you hear that?
[no audible dialogue]
Alejandra?
This isn't Garabina.
My name is Garcia.
Garabina is... She...
-She gave me--
-Baldemar is coming for me...
for my eyes.
I know he will return soon.
Then all I will have left is darkness.
Alejandra, can you hear me?
Yes!
Please!
I don't want to live forever in darkness!
We're coming, I promise!
[Alejandra whimpering]
[Jesus singing in Spanish]
[Garcia] Hey!
Come on, let's go!
Please, El Balde,
stay in San Simon just a little longer.
[beeping continues]
[approaching footsteps]
I was already planning to kill him.
And you should know,
now that my last rival is dead,
and his territory is mine,
I'm ending our arrangement.
It's done.
Every adult in town is...
[sighs]
It's done.
Come with me.
[dragging]
Put them to work with the others.
I'm coming home, Mother...
to close your window onto the world.
[engine revving]
[grunts]
[Alejandra] Are you here yet?
Yes, I'm coming.
Oh, mi'ja, thank you.
[hushed] Goal!
[sighs]
[grunts]
[exhales]
[gasps]
[flies buzzing]
[grunts]
Shit.
I just took a turn onto easy street, baby.
[footsteps]
Yep, OK.
Fuck this.
[gunshot]
[groans]
[body thuds]
[owl hooting]
[Isabela grunts]
[Jesus grunts]
Quit following me,
you ugly-ass magic turkey!
[squawks]
[gasps]
[wheezing]
[Chiu] I was a young man then,
running from my past.
Charged with a task
some would see as a sacred duty,
and others as a wicked curse.
My feet, in sandals wrecked by entropy,
brought me to land of the sun goddess,
whose rays turn the skin of men to bronze.
[thud]
[clanging in distance]
[metallic clanging]
[gunshot]
[grunts]
[knuckles crack]
[gasps]
[groans]
[body thuds]
-[gasps]
-[gunshot]
[groans]
[cackles]
Pinche chino estúpido.
[wheezing]
[grunting]
[panting]
[guttural wheezing]
-[running footsteps]
-[Isabela] Silencio!
[gunfire continues]
[grunts]
What are you doing standing while I...
I don't think I know
how to pull him back anymore.
I'm worried about him, too.
But right now, we've got a prisoner witch
to break out of a magic cage...
is a crazy sentence
I thought I'd never say.
OK?
[rapid gunfire]
[screams]
[groaning]
[gunshot]
[gunfire in distance]
[running footsteps]
[gasps]
Alejandra, is there anything
you can tell me about where you are?
[Alejandra] I see what I always see:
A flower, a stone wall,
a secret door.
[squeaking]
[yelling] Where does El Balde
keep his goddamn mama?
It must still be here.
No one would give up that kind of power.
[coughs]
[Chiu] Though it risked my anonymity--
...drank in her joy--
Here, he would never find--
I yearned for his approval--
...and it nourished me.
[yells]
[Lo panting]
It must be here.
Please, I...
I don't want to die.
[grunts]
Alejandra?
Am I close?
Alejandra!
[grunts]
Damn it!
[gasps]
[groans]
[gunfire continues]
[bones cracking]
[yells]
[grunting]
[gunfire]
[El Balde growling]
[chuckling]
[El Balde] I got a message from your boss.
What?
He says you screwed his wife
for the last time.
No.
This body will do.
Mother...
How?
Baldemar, my little Orphan Maker...
is that really the last thing
you want to know before you die?